fix Search results Blog Article link type (#2961)
shopsys/shopsys: UPGRADE-14.0.md

        -   in your `next.config.js`, add all your domains names into `images -> remotePatterns` setting

-   improve translation caching ([#2949](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2949))
-   fix Search results Blog Article link type ([#2961](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2961))

>     -   Wrong link type was causing link doesn't work. With replacement "article" by "blogArticle".

Reviewer: Just a micro-suggestion 

```suggestion
    -   Wrong link type was causing the link to not work. Solved by replacing "article" with "blogArticle".
```

Author: Ah, thanks! Replaced with your better grammar.
